How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff highlighted the exact differences between the two files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Not sure??? Having a revision history allows you to see how the file
    has changed over time. Not sure how this make you more efficient???

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:

    You choose choose what is meaningful to commit rather it's a few lines or
    a whole new feature, etc.

    Avoid commiting features that do not make logical since.

    Cons:

    Up to the user to decide when to commit, there for can miss large logical
    places to commit or forget ot commit all together.

    Can also over commit making revision control cluttered.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Many changes occur over multiple files. Therefore being able to track changes
    over multiple files is a big advantage and time saver.

    Google Docs is more geared for programs that rely on one file so it does
    not track changes over multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log - to see the different commits that were made were made to projects.

    git diff - to see the differences made between to commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    get checkout - used to roll back your project to a previous commit point.

    this feature provides an easy way to get back to a know working version of
    the software. So you can make changes and explore knowing you can always 
    easily get back to a known working copy.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    my SPY movement web page!!!